Add user entities to github (#45835)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/github.markdown

- **Stars**: Shows the number of stars
- **Watchers**: Shows the number of watchers

### User entities

> In addition to the entities for each tracked repository, the integration provides a device that represents your authenticated GitHub user account. This device has the following sensors, which are disabled by default:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition to the entities for each tracked repository, the integration provides a device that represents your authenticated GitHub user account. The device is named after your GitHub account. This device has the following sensors, which are disabled by default:
```
would it be worth adding a comment on the device name? So that I know what to look for?

- **Followers**: Shows the number of people following your account
- **Following**: Shows the number of accounts you follow
- **Public gists**: Shows the number of public gists on your account
- **Public repositories**: Shows the number of public repositories on your account

> To use one of these sensors, enable it under {% my entities title="**Settings** > **Devices & services** > **Entities**" %}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use one of these sensors, go to {% my entities title="**Settings** > **Devices & services** > **Entities**" %} and select the entity. Select the cogwheel {% icon "mdi:cog-outline" %} and [enable it](https://www.home-assistant.io/common-tasks/general/#to-enable-or-disable-a-single-entity).
```
